Hey Guys, welcome to my 'OO Minesweeper', Part 18 - Indicating neighbours 1

Before we continue, I guess you remember our little bug on the last video.
Hopefully some of you solved that. For those of you who didn't, here is the trick.

So, to remind you of that: When you flag a cell, and then unflag it and reveal that cell, 
the width of the cell becomes too big and than the whole grid is broken.
This bug happens because we use both the text and a graphic on a cell at a given time, and they both account for the total
width. We have to be sure that when a text is present, for example a digit, there should be no graphic, and when an image is 
displayed, like a mine or a flag, there should be no text. 

So, let's fix that really quick.

... (Fixed bug: When you flag a cell, and then unflag it and reveal that cell, 
	the width of the cell becomes too big and than the whole grid is broken)

Let me know in the comments if you find any other bug. I know there might be plenty of them out there. 
And of course, this is just a tutorial, so I am not using the best way there is, just a simple intuitive solution
so that you can get an idea about it.

Ok, now let's continue with Indicating the neighbours.
Here is what we have already said about that behavior:

Left Click on a revealed digit to display the hidden adjacent cells.
	if the neighbors flagged, adjacent to the digit, are equal or greater than the number 
		of the hidden and unflagged cells, (meaning all mines are found)
		all hidden cells will be automatically revealed. 
		This can open a mine and game over. (point 1. above for each)
	if the neighbors flagged, adjacent to the digit, are less than the number
		of the hidden and unflagged cells, (meaning not all mines are found)
		the hidden cells are indicated/popped (small animation)
	if the cell is flagged, do not select it, don't do anything

So, from this description, we need at least three new methods:
1. Get the number of flagged neighbors of a cell
2. Reveal all the neighbors of a cell
   (Used when clicking on a revealed cell that has already a number of flagged neighbors equal or greater than its value)
3. Indicate all hidden neighbors with a small animation

We will implement them in the next video where we will finish dealing with Indicating the Neighbours.