Hey Guys, welcome to my 'OO Minesweeper', Part 20 - Game Over

So, let's have a look at our code so far and see what we should change to display Game Over.
We can use a Boolean Property in the Main class to hold the state of the game.
A Boolean Property is just a wrapper for a boolean flag, but we also get some useful inherited methods,
like addListener() that we will use.

(https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/javafx/api/javafx/beans/property/Property.html)

So, we will introduce a new gameOverProperty in the Main class, set it true from the Cell class when a mine is revealed,
and use this information to display Game Over and set the state as non-playing.
Also, remember we have a nice smiling image over here, we will change that to a sad image in case of Game Over and set it back
to the neutral smiling face when restarted the game.

... (Add the gameOverProperty. Set it true when a mine is revealed, changed the game status and the smiling face.)

Ok, so for the moment we just print out "Game Over!!!" in the console, but we can also display that together with the sad face.
Again, I won't pay too much attentation to the animations, this could be done fare more beautiful, but anyway, it seems okay.

... (Add labels to display Game Over!)

As you know from almost any Minesweeper version, when the game is over, all the hidden cells are revealed, so that you can see where the 
rest of the mines where. Those mines that you have already flagged, will remain flagged. After that all the cells are disabled, so that
you know the game is really over.

To do that we need two small function in BoardUtil, to open all the hidden un-flagged cells and to disable them.

... (Add methods to open all hidden unflagged cells and disable them.)

So, that was it for the Game Over. If you noticed when the game is over, we don't get the confirmation dialog on the New Game button. 
That is a nice behaviour that we get as a little bonus from our careful programming in the previous videos.

Ok, see you on the next video, where we will finally win a game!