Hey Guys, welcome to my 'OO Minesweeper', Part 4 - Initial Gui Design

Ok, in this video I will try to create the board for our game. 
Let's check again the minesweeper game gui, I have drawn a simple mock up.

It consists of a top panel and the board on the bottom.
We have the difficulty first, then the New Game button. As in the classic windows game, we have in the center
the happy or sad face, then the number of flags and the total number of mines remaining.

The rest is just the board of the cells, initially hidden.

So, let's see how to build this with JavaFx. First we have to understand what layout we need here.
The biggest container would be a vertical pane, with the control panel on top and the grid on the bottom.
This is called a VBox in JavaFx.
The control panel itself is a group of elements aligned horizontally, so we can use a HBox here with some spacers.

Last, we need the grid of the cells and exactly for this scenario JavaFx provides us the TilePane, which places
all the tiles in a grid with the same size for each cell.

Now, for you that haven't had any experience with Gui development before, think of the Gui elements as simple Java
classes that can be rendered and seen by the user. For example, a Button is a class which has a text, has events 
such as "click events", and we can modify its apparence.

The Gui elements we need for this video are:
ComboBox - which is the drop down menu that allows us to select one value.
Image and ImageView - as the name suggests, to display an image
Label - to display a text
ToggleButton - a special kind of button which is rendered differently when we click on it, think of it as 
	a button which has a flag if it is clicked or not

Then, we have the panes or the layouts that we have already seen: HBox, VBox and TilePane.

To add the images, we should create a 'resources' folder under the 'main' folder, and then we can reference all 
the images from there.

Now, let's finally write the code for what we have explained so far.

...

That was it, on the next video we will play around with the design and then start with the game generation.