Hey Guys, welcome to my 'OO Minesweeper', Part 17 - Setting Flags

In the last two videos we finished implementing the cell revealing events.
We are now ready to set flags and update the number labels accordingly. 

In the Main class, similar to the left mouse click event, we need another one, fired by the right mouse click.
For this we may use the onMouseClicked event and check whether the event button is the Secondary button, or the right button.

... (Set the right click event on a cell.)

If you remember when we introduced the flagged property on the Cell class, we just added the getter.
Now, we also need the setter in order to set the flag value from the right click event.

... (Add the setter for the flagged property, in order to set it from the right click event.)

Let's recap the game behaviours regarding right clicking.
Right Click on a cell to flag it as a mine (and update the labels)
	if the cell is already flagged, unflagg it
	if the cell is already revealed, do not do anything, do not set a flag

We have added the condition that the cell must not be revealed. 
Now, obviously we have to set the flag image or remove it if already there. 
We have previously set the mine image, so it shouldn't be a big challenge for you.
Let's go ahead and write those methods and call them on the setter on the flagged property.

... (Added the displayFlag() and displayHidden() methods.)

Now, all that remain is to update the labels accordingly. We will increase the flag number and decrease the total mine number
on each new flag and vice-versa on each new cell unflagged.
This is the same function in fact, just with a different offset, 1 for adding a new flag, and -1 for removing it. 
Also, the original Microsoft game allowed the user to set more flags than the total mines, which would make the 
total mine number negative.
For this reason, and also to add a 0 before one digiti number, we will use an auxilary method to get the 
String Representation of a number to be displayed in the labels.

... (Updated the labels on each new flag.)

Now, before we close the video, let me show you a little bug we have.
When you flag a cell, and then unflag it and reveal that cell, the width of the cell becomes too big and the whole grid
is broken. 

So, let me give you a little homework - try to do that before you start the next video.

So see you there, on the next one, we will continue with the indication of the neighbours.
